>> Bianca Gandolfo: And then,
we also have the queue prompt.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And again, same thing,
you can fork this, you can also save this
wherever you want,
whether it's in GitHub or what have you.
So, same thing, so
we have our constructor.
Instead of push we call this enqueue, and
that's just the standard language that
we use when we talk about queues.
So stacks, push pop,
queues, enqueue, dequeue.
So enqueue is gonna add
other value at the end,
dequeue is gonna remove
the value from the front, and
then peek is just going to look at
the next one that would be dequeued.
So peek would for
enqueue return the first and oldest,
for the stack would be the last and
newest.